In this exercise, you're going to define a class student and then write all of
the tests to verify that student constructs
correctly and initializes correctly and that all of the invariants are adhered to.
So the first thing you might want to start out to do is to try and use students.
So you might create a student student,
and the student has a fake name,
and the student has a grade,
and the student has a GPA.
Finally to think of a second grader with a GPA.
But then you might assert that the student's name is equal to
the name we just gave it and assert some of the other member data gets set correctly.
Then we might try and do something
like set one of the member variables to some invalid number.
So let's say we want to set a grade to negative 100.
We might want to essentially assert that some exception gets thrown.
So maybe my exception.
One way to do this might be to create a bool of
my exception that we initially initialize as false.
Then we try and use this mutator to set an invalid value to violate the class invariant.
We might say you know catch everything.
If we catch an exception then my exception is set to true.
That's a way of verifying and asserting that we actually do catch an exception.
So if you go ahead and create the constructor and,
the accessors, and mutators,
and then set all the private member data,
and then create some sort of mechanism either within the mutators and the constructor,
or in another function for throwing an exception,
then you should be able to pass this exercise.